MUTUAL NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT

This Mutual Non-Disclosure Agreement ("Agreement") is made on October 1, 2026, between ContractLens Corp ("Company") and Acme Innovations Inc. ("Partner").

1. PURPOSE
The parties intend to engage in discussions regarding a potential business relationship or transaction (the "Purpose"). In connection with these discussions, it may be necessary for the parties to disclose to each other certain confidential and proprietary information.

2. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION
"Confidential Information" means any information disclosed by either party (the "Disclosing Party") to the other party (the "Receiving Party"), either directly or indirectly, in writing, orally, or by inspection of tangible objects, that is designated as "Confidential," "Proprietary," or some similar designation.

3. OBLIGATIONS OF RECEIVING PARTY
The Receiving Party shall:
(a) hold the Confidential Information in strict confidence;
(b) restrict disclosure of the Confidential Information solely to its employees, agents, or representatives who have a need to know such information for the Purpose;
(c) use the Confidential Information only for the Purpose; and
(d) not reproduce the Confidential Information without the prior written consent of the Disclosing Party.

4. EXCLUSIONS
Confidential Information shall not include information that:
(a) is or becomes publicly known through no wrongful act of the Receiving Party;
(b) was in the Receiving Party's possession prior to disclosure by the Disclosing Party;
(c) is rightfully received by the Receiving Party from a third party without restriction on disclosure; or
(d) is independently developed by the Receiving Party without reference to the Disclosing Party's Confidential Information.

5. TERM
This Agreement shall remain in effect for a period of two (2) years from the date of the last disclosure of Confidential Information, at which time it will terminate automatically. Upon termination or written request, the Receiving Party shall promptly return or destroy all Confidential Information.

6. MISCELLANEOUS
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties concerning the subject matter hereof. No amendment or modification shall be valid unless made in writing and signed by both parties. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California.

